Yield run requests from run status sensors (#8635)
dagster-io/dagster: docs/content/concepts/partitions-schedules-sensors/sensors.mdx

    )
```

> As you can see, run status sensors don't have to launch runs of jobs.

Author: ran a normal sensor and confirmed it get's added to the run event log. updated the page to mention it

    )
```

> When you write a run status sensor that doesn't return anything, an event is added to the run's event log to indicate that the sensor ran.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a run status sensor is triggered by a job run but doesn't return anything, Dagster will report an event back to the run to indicate that the sensor ran.
```

as im writing this out and per discussion with @prha offline, i find the behavior of run status sensor could expand to be confusing / hard to explain, and i'm now more convinced that we may eventually want to separate 1) run status sensor that acts on run status to start another run, vs 2) a job-level hook that alerts external services on failure/success. 

i think this PR pushes us towards 1) a lot more, while this my_slack_on_run_success is the 2) case. the notes and examples here should be good to address the confusion now, but eventually i feel we may want to move 2) to a separate surface area (other than sensor).

If a resource you want to initialize has dependencies on other resources, those can be included in the dictionary passed to <PyObject object="build_resources"/>. For more in-depth usage, check out the [Initializing Resources Outside of Execution](/concepts/resources#initializing-resources-outside-of-execution) section.

### Yielding RunRequests in run status sensors

> You can also yield <PyObject object="RunRequest" />s from run status sensors.

Author: i like `watched_jobs` or `monitored_jobs` for what we're watching and `response_jobs` for the job we kick off

> You can also yield <PyObject object="RunRequest" />s from run status sensors.

Reviewer: watched/monitored vs response/target sounds great.

If a resource you want to initialize has dependencies on other resources, those can be included in the dictionary passed to <PyObject object="build_resources"/>. For more in-depth usage, check out the [Initializing Resources Outside of Execution](/concepts/resources#initializing-resources-outside-of-execution) section.

> ### Yielding RunRequests in run status sensors

Author: yeah i like this organization a lot better

> You can also yield <PyObject object="RunRequest" />s from run status sensors.

Author: done!
